[Final Episode] Go tell Han Kyung Wook
To prepare to pay for his sins.
That's far too much arrogance.
Isn't that something you say only after everything's over?
Hey, you step aside.
You're terrible at fighting anyway. I'll finish this.
Bulgae!
You haven't forgotten who taught you Taekkyeon, have you?
Looks like you've gotten a lot more talkative while I wasn't around.
Cut the nonsense,
And come at me.
Focus.
Comrade Lieutenant,
Your footwork doesn't seem as sharp as it used to be.
You little punk!
Comrade Lieutenant!
Let's retreat for now.
Wait, wait! Let him go.
We finally caught him, and you're just letting him go?
Yeah, he just left.
Don't lose him. Follow him.
Yes, understood.
- Who is it? - It's Gong Bok.
- He's back? - Yeah.
He said he'd figure out what he needs to do himself.
What about Beom Ryong?
Let's help your nephew first.
Nam Il!
Nam Il, are you okay?
Hurry.
- Careful, careful, careful! - Careful.
He rushed out saying there was a gas leak at home,
But why are you carrying him back, Mr. Bong?
Did he actually inhale gas or something?
What gas? He probably got into trouble again and passed out somewhere.
I'm sorry,
But could you two look after Nam Il for a bit?
I have something urgent to take care of, so I'll be leaving first.
You're leaving just like this? Never thought you were that kind of person, Mr. Bong.
Lately you disappear without saying anything. And now you're leaving your nephew behind.
How can you be so irresponsible?
I'm sorry.
Wait, wait, Mr. Bong!
Could you at least wait until Nam Il wakes up?
He was really worried because he couldn't reach you.
Ms. Lee, tell Nam Il
- he doesn't need to worry about me anymore. - What?
- Wait. - No, wait...
Well, he...
He's completely changed, hasn't he?
Something must have happened, right?
Why are you so worried about him? He's old enough.
Old enough? Not really.
He may look grown on the outside.
But do you know how childish he still is?
Nam Il won't even eat if he doesn't have sausage as a side dish.
And he's scared of everything.
He sleeps with the light on because he's scared of ghosts.
And he's so unbelievably clumsy.
He went to a high school where almost everyone graduates,
But he got held back twice because he miscalculated his attendance days.
This year, I really need to make sure he graduates,
So he won't be called that legendary repeat student.
You said you were going to leave without ever looking back.
- You were acting like you were so cool. - I wasn't pretending. I really am cool.
He's just been acting cold because he's going through puberty.
When he was little, he used to cling to me,
Always calling me Uncle.
How could I not worry about him?
So even the mighty Bulgae is getting emotional, huh?
Haha, jeez.
Is this car crawling or what? Step on it.
I'm stepping on it!
Step harder!
We need to go faster if we're going to take down Han Kyung Wook and Lee Cheol Jin.
You drive then.
- You just ride along and complain nonstop. - The road is wide open,
- so why aren't you speeding up? - You really talk too much.
- Can't you just go? Step on it! - Jeez, seriously...
You left so confidently, so why did you come back?
Back then, I had a lot on my mind.
It won't happen again.
You're back, that's enough.
There's someone who hasn't come back, after all.
Hey, I'm back!
Boss!
I'm sorry, Gong Bok.
- I'm a bit late. - What?
You didn't bring Hwang Hwa San with you, did you?
Here he goes again.
Kang Beom Ryong.
Have you decided which side you're on?
Well, yeah, I'm the owner of the so-called 'Friendly Convenience Store.'
I can't just ignore my local customers getting beaten.
I'm sorry, Gong Bok, that you can't go back to the Hwasan faction.
Didn't I say I'd follow you wherever you go?
If this is the path you chose,
I'll follow without hesitation.
Sorry.
You two are acting like you're filming a movie or something.
Why did you run out if things are going to be like this?
You guys just left like that, and Jeong Ho...
Do you know how worried Jeong Ho Myung was?
Really?
I was about to feel hurt. Was that how it was, Mr. Jeong?
I just said that because I was worried the plan would fall apart.
Anyway, since things have turned out this way,
We'll take care of Han Kyung Wook, and we'll take care of your boss too.
So don't say anything else from now on.
Yeah, I must stop our big boss from going the wrong way.
What do we do first?
Should we deal with those spies this guy was tailing first?
Those guys are hiding at a tourist hotel
On the outskirts of Yeongseondo Island.
Perfect. Now that our powerhouse is here.
Should we go right away?
- Let's go, let's go! - No.
The election is right around the corner.
Even if we deal with Lee Cheol Jin,
If Han Kyung Wook gets elected, it's all over.
We don't even know when the code on the item will be cracked.
We need to make our move before it's too late.
Our big move?
You need bait to catch a big fish.
We'll use Lee Cheol Jin as bait to catch Han Kyung Wook.
Lee Cheol Jin as bait?
I've already called in reinforcements to help us.
[Yeongseon Passenger Terminal]
[Temporary Boarding and Alighting Zone]
Yeah, don't worry.
We're tailing her properly.
I approved Prosecutor Kang's leave on purpose.
You know things got worse because you lost her
During her last vacation, right?
This time, it's not surveillance. It's elimination.
You absolutely cannot make a mistake.
Yes, sir. This time, we'll make sure it's done.
Yes, sir. Talk soon.
That old man is really breathing down our necks.
Ugh, so annoying.
But are we really allowed to take out a prosecutor?
Won't there be a problem?
What problem could there be?
The chief prosecutor of Criminal Affairs Division has our back.
Stop worrying about useless things and just do our job properly this time.
I'm sick and tired of following Prosecutor Kang around.
Huh? She got in.
- Let's go quickly! - Yeah.
Let's go. Let's get moving.
Where is she going again this time?
Oh, that startled me!
- What is it? - What is it?
That's strange.
- Why? Did something explode? - Over here, sir!
- What? - Why is this happening?
This is driving me crazy!
Prosecutor Kang is leaving. Do something about it!
The tire is completely blown.
That old man is going to lose his mind.
It's my first time meeting you in person, but strangely, it doesn't feel awkward.
Is it because I owe you some favors?
I wouldn't call it owing me a favor or anything.
I just pulled a few little tricks.
Calling it a little trick is selling yourself short.
You helped me shake off those annoying guys several times, naturally.
I wanted to thank you.
You can thank me later.
Because I think I'll have to ask you for a pretty difficult favor.
- A difficult favor? - Yes.
I'm so excited. What is it?
You'll find out when you get there. Everyone's waiting for you, ma'am.
Prosecutor Kang?
Have you been well, Mr. Bong Jae Soon?
Well, I'm sure you've all heard,
But things aren't looking good right now.
North Korean agents have crossed down here,
And with Hwang Hwa San joining Heaven Capital,
Their development plans are moving faster.
The victims of Heaven Capital's debt collection
Are also preparing a protest in response.
And the worst part is that...
We don't know when the code on that item will be cracked.
Exactly.
We can't just sit around waiting for the code to be hacked.
We need to find another way before Han Kyung Wook gets elected.
Are you still being followed, Ms. Kang?
Yes, everywhere I go, detectives stick to me like leeches,
So it's not easy for me to move around.
Jeong Ho Myung, even the prosecutor can't move around that easily.
Do you think you can catch Han Kyung Wook with Lee Cheol Jin or whatever his name is?
If you're planning to expose the connection
Between Lee Cheol Jin and Han Kyung Wook, forget it.
- Why? - Lee Cheol Jin and those agents
Probably created fake identities as people with no family ties before operating here.
Even if we catch them, confirming their identities alone would take months.
By then, the game will already be over.
Unless they walk around announcing "We're spies" themselves,
Using Lee Cheol Jin is impossible.
You know a lot about this, huh?
Well, that's because I...
Mr. Bong Jae Soon is right.
Even if we catch Lee Cheol Jin, it means nothing if we can't link him
To Han Kyung Wook.
You just need to find it.
- Gong Bok. - Yes?
Check the CCTV footage
And find out the location of the detectives following Ms. Kang.
Oh, yes.
And Ms. Kang, do you happen to know any reporters?
Someone who can write a powerful article as quickly as possible.
Powerful impact?
Does it have to be a reporter?
As long as we can draw people's attention, it doesn't have to be a reporter.
How about a NewTuber with a million subscribers?
A NewTuber with a million subscribers?
That's perfect.
Alright, everyone listen carefully.
From now on,
We're going to use Lee Cheol Jin
To tie together Hwang Hwa San, Chairman Do, and Han Kyung Wook,
And take them all down in one shot.
Mr. Bong Jae Soon!
Ms. Kang.
I heard you got all your memories back.
Just like I suspected, you're not an ordinary person.
I thought you'd at least call me once.
Are you alright?
Ms. Kang.
I think you should stop at this point.
Stop what?
Your feelings toward me.
Pardon?
I know, I know. I know feelings aren't something you can control.
And besides, I'm also...
Yes, that's right.
I know forgetting won't be easy, but still, Ms. Kang,
You need to get a hold of your feelings.
Are you saying I've fallen for you or something, Mr. Bong Jae Soon?
Oh, no.
Sergeant Kim said once the protest starts, Heaven Capital will move in aggressively.
They won't care if people get hurt or not.
The protest is tomorrow. There's no way to stop it?
I mean, what's the point in stopping it?
We should just hold placards and fight with them.
Are you crazy?
It's not like it was made for hitting people.
I don't care anymore.
I just want to go back to my restaurant.
I haven't worked the wok for so long
My hands are going stiff.
Protest or whatever, can we just go back
And reopen the restaurant?
- Dad! - Come on.
People in the neighborhood could get hurt,
You can't just watch like it's someone else's problem.
If we don't watch, what other option do we even have?
We don't have time, and there's no way we can handle this ourselves.
Honestly, isn't this all over already?
There is a way.
Ms. Kang!
It's been a while. Hello.
Before the protest breaks out,
There's a way to immobilize Han Kyung Wook and those Heaven Capital guys.
So could you help out?
Ms. Kang has already handled things at the hotel.
Just carry out your assigned roles properly. Don't be nervous.
- Yes. - Got it.
- Don't be nervous. - Yeah.
Then everyone, go to your assigned positions.
- Let's go. - Alright, let's go!
Where are they?
Here they are.
Yes, I found them, Ms. Kang.
The detectives are at Yeongseon Intersection.
It's like finding a needle in a haystack.
Let's just give up.
Are you telling me to report we lost her again?
If this goes wrong,
You and I are both done for.
Stop complaining and just look for her! Seriously...
You didn't think Prosecutor Kang would actually show up... But she did.
- Where? - Over there, there.
The convenience store!
Oh? She's there! Oh! It's done, it's done.
I told you she'd be here earlier.
- It's done, it's done! - She got in, she got in!
- Look! - She got in!
Let's go.
I've got you, I've got you!
Is it this way? It's that way.
How is the progress on securing the item?
It's going smoothly.
We don't have much time.
You know the election is right around the corner.
I told you it's in progress!
If it's really difficult,
Ask Chairman Hwang Hwa San and Chairman Do for help.
You still don't know what those punks are plotting.
What do you mean?
Something about those two didn't sit right with me, so I looked into it.
I'll send you the documents, so you can see for yourself.
And I'll handle the item myself,
So stop pushing me, okay?
We outnumber them. How did we lose to those two?
Get yourselves together quickly.
We need to retrieve the item before Mr. Han finds out.
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
Oh, sorry, sir.
There's water leaking from the ceiling of the bathroom downstairs,
Causing quite a fuss.
May I take a quick look at the restroom?
Why is water leaking?
Then you should move to another room.
We've got a group of guests right now.
So it's fully occupied. It'll be resolved quickly.
Oh, will it really be quick?
Of course, of course.
Mr. Cho here from the hardware store is a real professional.
It'll only take 3 minutes, 3 minutes.
No point making a scene, just finish quickly.
Then please make it quick.
Oh! Yes, yes, yes.
- Three minutes. - Yes, thank you, thank you.
I'll extend your check-out time when you leave.
Thank you, thank you!
Thank you!
Wow, what a perfect spot to die.
Let's go before we lose her again, sir.
Let's go.
It's this way, right?
Who are these guys?
Why are they here?
What's going on?
- What's this? - What is it?
Yes? What is it?
Yes, excuse us for a moment.
Are you detectives from Imcheon station
- here for support? - Support?
We received a report that armed North Korean infiltrators are holding hostages here.
Didn't you come to provide support?
- Armed infiltrators? - It's an emergency, there's no time.
Get out of the vehicle now.
- Wait, wait, wait. - Get out now.
Alright, alright.
Everyone, don't panic. You can do it, right?
We have to. We were told we could get the house back without a protest.
Right, right.
Float like a butterfly,
And sting like a bee!
Shall we loosen up a bit for the first time in a while?
Don't be nervous.
You look nervous though.
- Alright, come out. - No, wait a minute.
Well...
It's true that we came here for support, but...
Be careful, be careful.
- I'm sorry. - Careful.
The situation is worse than expected.
But will this really get that many views?
- You know what matters for views? - What is it?
It's all about clickbait.
My views have been dropping lately.
I was thinking I might need to break an arm again.
If real spies show up, this'll hit ten million views.
Wow, over ten million would really be great.
- I'll start the livestream. - Yes.
It's done.
Hello everyone, this is Sweatstorm.
How are you doing, my "Pposong" viewers?
Today is a very important day.
Do spies exist in this day and age or not? Yes, they do, here...
Yes, I received a tip that armed infiltrators are staging a protest today,
and I've come to the scene.
Oh, what do you mean a lie? It's not.
I came here after receiving an urgent tip, I'm telling you.
Wait, wait.
Look, the police are all over the place.
I won't be long.
Where's the leak coming from?
Look, look over there!
- Over there, over there! - Where?
Someone's injured right now!
- What are we going to do? - Sir!
This is a big problem, oh no!
- Chairman, blood! - Huh? Blood.
- It's blood! Blood. - Quick, that...
Huh?
What do we do?
There are armed infiltrators inside, and they're...
These punks.
Seems like they're going wild inside, darn it.
Well, entering rashly might be dangerous.
- Detectives. - Yes?
You've negotiated before, haven't you?
N-Negotiation?
You're the only ones we can trust here.
Please take command of the scene.
- We, we... - Excuse me, here!
Give the detectives a megaphone, megaphone!
Oh, megaphone!
Quick, to the hospital, hospital!
- It hurts! - The hospital!
Sir, this...
Megaphone, megaphone!
Sir!
Right now, quickly!
There are armed infiltrators here right now!
I saw them, I'm telling you! From over there right now!
Armed infiltrators, listen up!
You're all surrounded right now!
- Drop your weapons immediately, - Comrade Lieutenant!
And surrender!
I repeat!
Listen, armed infiltrators!
Drop your weapons.
- And your lives will be spared! - Armed infiltrators?
- Are they talking about us now? - We have no intention
- I don't know. - of harming you.
- I repeat! - Prepare yourselves. Let's take cover first.
Stop right there!
If even one of you moves,
I'll throw this!
- You punk... - I'll throw this!
I'll really throw it!
Who are you exactly?
Me?
I'm NIS Counterintelligence Team Leader, Cho Seong Wo.
A spy hunter who catches spies like you.
I've caught plenty of you.
Oh!
That punk from ten years ago who was after the item?
Yeah, Lieutenant Lee Cheol Jin.
Give up, you're not getting out of here.
I already put it out there that there are armed infiltrators here.
And what do you think the media will do? They'll go crazy.
Right?
You have two choices. First!
Surrender and find redemption.
Second, get dragged out like dogs by the military and police.
Now think about it. What's better for you?
Make a choice.
[Hul Park]
Oh, you...
Hold on, hold on.
Come this way, come this way.
Okay, these are the heroes who caught spies with nothing but their bare hands.
- Give them a round of applause! - Applause, applause, applause!
Wow, the comments are going wild.
Say a few words to the viewers here.
- Hello. - What, Pposong, Pposong?
- Pposong! - Stop filming now, stop.
- Stop filming. - Wow, fighting!
I said stop filming!
- Oh, this is chaos. - Let's go quickly, sir.
- You've worked hard. - Oh, you scared me!
You caught all the spies.
Guess following me around was worth it.
So how did it go?
It went according to plan. As soon as we got Lee Cheol Jin's confession,
I'll make sure a warrant is issued for every one
Of Han Kyung Wook's men so none of them get away.
Well, it won't be easy to get them approved,
But we'll have to take drastic measures.
Yes, then we'll gather them all
So we can arrest them as soon as you bring the warrants.
Please come here tomorrow by 6 PM with the warrants
And full manpower.
But will it be possible to lure Han Kyung Wook at the right time?
The election is the day after Yeongseondo Island's campaign.
Tomorrow is the only chance we have to lure and catch him.
I'll somehow try to lure him,
So please make sure the preparations are thorough, Ms. Kang.
Yes.
So Prosecutor Kang caught Lee Cheol Jin?
Yeah.
With this much attention,
Lee Cheol Jin knows he can't just back out now.
If he wants to live, he'll confess something.
Alright, let's say everything up to here went according to your plan.
What about next?
We've got Han Kyung Wook, Chairman Do, and even our big boss all here.
And you're thinking of arresting them all in one go. Is that really possible?
If we use the item as bait, it's definitely possible.
With Lee Cheol Jin captured and the item exposed, it'll be a fatal blow.
Han Kyung Wook will have no choice but to come.
And Hwang Hwa San will also need the item to move against him.
But do we really have to gather everyone and take them down at once?
If even one of them escapes, the project could still proceed.
We have to strike all at once before they notice.
But still, isn't that a bit...
What? Got a problem?
What if Prosecutor Kang can't make it on time?
We'd have to hold out on our own. Would that even be possible?
It wouldn't be possible.
What?
We just need to stall until Prosecutor Kang arrives.
We go with guerrilla tactics.
Why aren't you sleeping?
It's tomorrow. How could I possibly sleep?
You haven't slept either?
What, you're both here?
Where's Gong Bok?
He passed out earlier.
Wow, even though he's the most worried,
He still sleeps well, huh?
At least he should sleep well. We don't even know what tomorrow will bring.
Jeong Ho Myung.
Be honest with me.
What do you think our chances of success are tomorrow?
If we're lucky,
- I'd say about fifty percent. - Come on.
Our lives are on the line, and it's only fifty-fifty?
That's already being generous.
When I was an agent,
I never even thought about failure
Before a life-or-death operation.
I just kept thinking positive thoughts
About what we'd do if it succeeded.
And surprisingly, that actually helped.
Who hasn't been on a mission before? Don't act like you're new to this.
If this operation succeeds,
I'm going to watch a movie.
No one asked though.
A movie?
Yeah, a movie.
I'm going to ask her to watch that Chow Yun Fat movie together,
Since we missed it last time.
All you plan to do if we survive is watch a movie?
What's wrong with a movie? So, what great thing are you going to do?
Me?
If I get the diamonds,
I'll go to Monaco with Nam Il.
I figure seeing another world
Might help him grow up a bit.
Oh, so basically, it's just a family trip for you, huh?
Jeong Ho Myung,
Do you have any different plans?
Well, I don't have anything special either.
I just want to take a photo to hang in the restaurant.
As a symbol of a new start for the rest of my life.
With the whole family.
Once we truly wrap this up,
Can we really start over the way we want?
Why couldn't we?
We're only halfway through life.
I'll go all in and give it everything I've got for the rest of my life.
If this succeeds, you better give me the diamonds, okay?
[2 Han Kyung Wook]
This is the material secured by Lee Cheol Jin.
We checked the voice recordings too,
And it's confirmed Chairman Do and Hwang Hwa San betrayed us.
They're all getting on my nerves right before a major move.
I'll take care of it once the election ends.
Tell Lee Cheol Jin to keep checking.
But, since yesterday, Lee Cheol Jin has gone dark.
Yes, glad to meet you. I'm candidate number 2.
Yes, thank you.
- Candidate number 2. - Candidate number 2.
[2 Han Kyung Wook] Yes, I'm Han Kyung Wook.
- Thank you. - Please support candidate number 2.
- Candidate, could I take a photo with you? - Yes, go ahead.
- Alright. - Candidate number 2.
- Thank you. - Yes, candidate number 2.
Please vote for number 2.
It's candidate number 2, number 2.
What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost.
No, it's nothing.
- Well... - Huh?
I got an urgent call from the campaign.
Sir, please take a short break.
We're in the middle of a rally!
- Just be quick. - Yes, yes.
Is it okay for you to leave your seat?
The election is almost here.
You should keep meeting voters.
Seeing you smile so warmly like that,
It really makes me realize how scary human greed is.
You've completely lost your mind, huh?
You've got the nerve to come find me yourself?
You came to my restaurant to check in, didn't you?
So I wanted to visit you once, showing respect as a junior.
What are you plotting?
Plotting?
I just came to see your last moments, really.
Once you're arrested,
It'll be hard to see you again.
Stop bluffing.
You think I don't know the item is encrypted?
Don't tell me you haven't heard yet?
Oh, you must've been too busy to watch TV.
Turn on the news. Something very interesting might be on.
I should go watch it too.
Well then, sir, we probably won't meet again,
But I hope you live long and healthy and pay for your sins.
Are you alright?
Follow him quietly.
Find out where he's hiding no matter what.
Yes, sir.
One of the suspects has been identified as Lieutenant Lee Cheol Jin,
a senior lieutenant in North Korea's Ministry of People's Armed Forces,
[Six spies implicated Han Kyung Wook] and is accused of infiltrating the country,
collecting classified information, and threatening public safety.
We have obtained testimony
that former Assemblyman Han Kyung Wook
currently running for mayor of Imcheon City, is the key mastermind behind the case.
I sincerely regret having to make this announcement
at such a sensitive time, with the mayoral election
Just around the corner.
However, as this is an urgent matter threatening national security,
We, the prosecution, pledge to the public
That we will fully and clearly
Establish the truth of this case with complete transparency,
Without any political bias or intent.
We will send the location of the item you are looking for.
Please come.
You've done a great job.
- You did provoke Han Kyung Wook on purpose? - I even gave away our location deliberately.
Alright, let's get to it.
Still, this is the day we finish the operation
We failed ten years ago.
We can't show up looking like this, right?
Just for today, let's go back to that day ten years ago.
It's not a skirt, right?
We've confirmed their location.
They're at Yeongseon Resort.
What about the Rangers?
They're ready.
Our "lambs" have arrived as well.
Mr. Hwang, as you're well aware,
You must never let your guard down in times like these.
They're not your average guys, huh?
We need to prepare perfectly and strike decisively, okay?
I'm more of an expert in this than you, Chairman Do.
It'll all be over before they even realize they've been hit.
Wasn't Prosecutor Kang supposed to be handled by you, Chief?
Well, I was going to, but she just...
Anyway, please give me some time.
I'll do my best to block the warrants.
You'll try your best?
You call that an answer?
Block them no matter what.
If you can't stop this,
I'm not the only one who'll go down.
Are you threatening me right now?
Isn't that obvious?
I can't give you much time. Fix it today, no matter what.
What on earth is happening right now?
Is this a North Korea-related operation?
Or did you actually do something yourself?
Ah, forget it. How are you going to take responsibility for dragging
North Korea into my image?
Why don't you quiet down?
I'm thinking right now.
What?
Han Kyung Wook! Why are you glaring like that?
For someone who played around with those North Korean punks,
You think you did well?
Huh?
Wait, Assemblyman Han, what's wrong with you?
You're being really noisy.
Kim Joong Hyuk!
At least I got some money while dealing with those North Korean punks,
But what did you get from fooling around with young girls?
You even handed over a building.
- Do your kids even know? - What?
It wouldn't be hard to flood the internet with photos of you
With girls young enough to be your daughter.
- Huh? - What,
Should I make you a national adulterer right now?
What? Adultery? You...
Kim Joong Hyuk.
If I really wanted to,
I could bury you without a trace, and no one would ever know.
So if you don't want to die,
Mobilize the prosecutors and the press and shut this down.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, sure, sure.
There's no one here.
Did they catch on and run away?
There is no connection. Please leave a message...
Run away? Who's running away!
We were just waiting right here.
Hi, hi, hi!
Wow, there are a lot of you.
Big boss?
Mr. Hwang!
What's the situation here?
Kang Beom Ryong, Ma Gong Bok!
You dare betray me?
Do you even have the right to say that, boss?
What did you say?
You said you'd only take the item.
But you've brought all your men.
You were planning to take out Ma Gong Bok and Kang Beom Ryong
Once you got the item, weren't you?
You NIS punk!
You...
Mr. Hwang.
Calm down, calm down.
Alright everyone, let's calm down
And have a little talk.
I've heard a bit about what happened with you guys ten years ago.
So, the conclusion is
You want revenge on Han Kyung Wook, right?
That's right! We're the same, same, yeah?
We've got something to settle with Han Kyung Wook too, okay?
Hey, foreigner!
So what are you going to do about it?
Well, anyway,
The four of you aren't exactly enough to handle Han Kyung Wook, right?
So let's not waste our energy,
Hand the item over to us.
And we'll make sure you get your revenge.
Really?
How did you end up here, Mr. Han?
Mr. Han!
Hyeon Tae, Do Hyeon Tae!
I've told you before.
Know your place and don't cross the line.
I thought you had good judgment, Chairman Hwang.
But I've misjudged you.
I'm deeply disappointed.
Disappointed, my foot.
Maybe you're the one
Who needs to know your place, Mr. Han Kyung Wook.
- What? - Do you think we came this far
Without preparing for this situation?
Alright, well... I know you're all upset with me.
But still, we shouldn't be fighting each other.
Because that's exactly what he wants.
Jeong Ho Myung.
Looks like your plan is to make us fight each other
And make us destroy each other.
What do I do? I don't really plan to fight these two.
What do you think?
Rather than playing right into their hands,
Let's deal with them first and talk it through calmly.
Talk about what?
Well, we could even talk about redistributing the profits from the project.
There should be room for negotiation, don't you think?
Do you believe that?
Do you think Han Kyung Wook would negotiate with traitors?
Fine.
First, let's deal with the traitor Judas first.
Ho Myung.
As your senior, this is my final act of generosity.
Hand over the item and back off quietly.
Then, I'll spare your life.
And what if I refuse?
What are you all waiting for?
Ma'am!
We've got a problem. All the warrants got rejected.
Ah... they got rejected?
It seems like the Chief Prosecutor might have intervened.
What should we do?
[Yeongseon Resort]
Oh, Prosecutor Kang!
I was just about to call you, and you've come at the right time.
What's going on?
I saw your press conference.
I also watched the press conference.
Wow, you're even more beautiful in person than on TV.
You don't really look like someone who catches spies.
Come on, do you really think those guys are actual spies?
Prosecutor Kang just made a fuss because she wanted attention.
Right, Prosecutor Kang?
- Are you alright? - No. Darn it!
Aren't you ashamed at all, Chief?
I'll give you one last chance.
Proceed with the warrants properly.
You know exactly who these guys are,
Don't you, Prosecutor Kang?
Make the right choice, okay?
Depending on your choice,
You could become a corrupt prosecutor
Backing gangsters and spies!
A prosecutor who has ties with gangsters and North Korea?
When things get messy below, the higher-ups are the ones who suffer.
This is embarrassing, sir.
We should do a full cleanup soon.
Boss!
Gong Bok!
What are you waiting for?
Are you just going to stand there?
I feel a bit reluctant to leave.
There are a few people I want to introduce.
- Introduce? - Come on in.
Well, they're...
You guys!
Do you know them?
Well, considering you've been making calls like this.
I approved Prosecutor Kang's leave on purpose.
You know things got worse because you lost her
during her last vacation, right?
This time, it's not surveillance. It's elimination.
You absolutely cannot make a mistake.
Make the right decision, both of you.
These guys are conspirators who ordered the assassination of a Korean prosecutor!
If you don't want to be swept away together with them.
This way!
Boss!
Sorry, sorry, sorry, ugh.
I'll deal with you later.
Your head is really hard.
- You can't do this without me, huh? - No, it's going fine!
How did I trust you guys and run some guerrilla operation?
Let's wrap this up already.
I'm getting tired of it.
Mr. Geum... Yoo In Goo...
Ah, all my enemies are right here.
Jeez, these scumbags!
Mr. Han and Big boss,
That sly Chairman Do,
Even the martial arts master and Kang Beom Ryong.
Just perfect, no need to track you all down one by one.
That leech Yoo In Goo...
What? Why did you bring them scrawny kids?
If they join in too, this might get tricky for us.
In Goo, who should we hit first?
Who first...
Can't we just take them all out at once?
With just two hands, how can we hit everyone at once?
You've got to set the order.
Well...
Yoo In Goo! What are you hesitating for?
The ones who exposed your drug operation are those guys.
- You should hit them. - That one...
That one, start with that punk, that one!
Me? Are you crazy?
Those guys exposed the drugs, not me!
Don't be ridiculous. I hate hearing that fake foreigner speak English the most.
- Start with him. - Huh?
In Won, that guy, that one.
Hurry, hurry!
Let's get out of here.
What do we do? Huh?
Take Gong Bok and get out.
- Let's go, let's go! - Where?
You little...
What's this?
What are you doing? Hurry up and finish it.
Let's go.
Slow down!
- Hurry up, hurry! - Yes, yes, yes.
Are you okay?
Are you alright?
Yoo In Goo!
Yes, yes, yes.
If you don't want to die, get out.
Yes.
Jeong Ho Myung.
Hand over the item.
If you draw a gun,
Things will get serious.
Once we get out of here,
Cleaning this up will be easy.
I'll say it one last time.
Hand over the item!
Alright, let's go.
Still, we should at least pay for the item.
Huh?
It hurts...
- What? - Are you conscious?
Mr. Jeong!
Ah... it... hurts...
- I'll call an ambulance. - Yes.
Hey, stay with me. Are you okay?
It hurts, it hurts.
Hey, wait. This really hurts.
Of course, it hurts. You got shot.
No, my hand...
My hand hurts.
Jeong Ho Myung!
Are you okay?
Help... help me...
Just help me up.
Man, you got shot. Why are you trying to get up?
- Come on, hurry up. - I think he's okay.
- Let's try to lift him. - Hurry, lift me up.
- It hurts, it hurts! - One, two, three!
It hurts!
It hurts.
Oh man, jeez...
Oh, he's heavy.
- Darn it. - Ouch, it hurts.
It hurts, it hurts!
Haven't got shot in ages. This really hurts.
- You're so clumsy. - I'm dying here.
You go around getting stabbed.
Not stabbed, I got shot.
- Oh right, you got shot. - What are you talking about?
I'm feeling out of it.
You two really lost your edge.
Huh?
What are you even talking about?
I'm the one who helped you when you were all weak and barely standing.
- I took care of everything today, all of it. - Jeez, you guys.
If it weren't for me, both of you would be dead!
I took down 42 people today.
Did you hit the back of my head on purpose earlier?
I didn't do it on purpose.
Your head is really hard.
Gently! It hurts!
It hurts!
Then shall I let go?
Huh?
What's this?
Earth Defense Squad!
Masked Racer!
Jeong Ho Myung!
You darn punk!
According to the latest interim prosecution report
on the security crime case involving Candidate Han Kyung Wook,
which shook the political world during the last mayoral election...
Candidate Han is confirmed to have worked with North Korean Lieutenant Lee Cheol Jin
and was involved in drug distribution 10 years ago.
Repeated evidence shows he attempted to hand Yeongseondo Island over
to an overseas criminal organization.
Candidate Han Kyung Wook is also reported to be on trial today for multiple murders
and conspiracy to commit murder.
Authorities are intensively tracking Candidate Han's past activities
while expanding the probe
into the entire Yeongseondo Island development project
he had pledged as a campaign promise.
In particular, with evidence continuously emerging of links
not only to domestic organizations but also to international crime networks,
the investigation is reported
to be unfolding as a large-scale joint operation
beyond a single case.
As a result, it is expected to take considerable time
to fully uncover the truth,
and further criminal details
are likely to emerge step by step.
Next up. At the Ja Ae-won Orphanage,
the news that an anonymous donor
left an expensive diamond
has brought a subtle yet profound impact within the community.
The diamond was recently discovered inside a small box
left in front of the Ja Ae-won Orphanage's office,
and the short handwritten note inside
simply asked that it be used for the children.
[Ministry of Justice] I'm sorry!
What? Me too, me too, me too!
Take a picture together, together!
Let's take a picture together.
- Come quickly. - Uncle!
- Mr. Bong, come quickly! - Hurry.
[Jeongseok Study Residence]
- Yes, yes, yes. - Let's take a picture.
Well, Mr. Kim should be here by now.
- What are you doing without me? - Come quickly, hurry!
[O Ran Chinese Restaurant]